[Updates] developer getting started and homepage (#4559)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/developing/get-started.mdx

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>
<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Installation and setup</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Additional guidance</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Connect with us</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

Carbon accelerates your developer workflow by providing consistent, pre-built
components. Instead of building and re-building basic elements, you'll be able
spend that time customizing products to address specific client use cases.

### Understanding the ecosystem

> When you hear people talking about Carbon, it's important to know that Carbon is

Reviewer: Should we be updating every instance of apostrophes in the code to `&apos;s`, or are there specific cases where this update is necessary?

```suggestion
When you hear people talking about Carbon, it&apos;s important to know that Carbon is
```

Reviewer 2: This shouldn't be necessary, any quotes written in markdown should be automatically converted to smart/curly quotes. That being said, this doesn't hurt anything to have in there.

Reviewer: Oh, thanks for sharing that Alison.
I’m a bit confused — which apostrophes are we supposed to use? Or are the two different types used in different places?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c5c90c3e-787e-424d-9f17-3690770ca8e7)

Reviewer 2: Apostrophe's should always be the smart/curly quotes. Where is your second screen shot from? I'm seeing it correct on my end on the homepage. 
<img width="484" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-28 at 12 14 26 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ce87bb3b-fa4b-4b40-9ba4-2a41df9a4965" />

Reviewer: From this PR’s [deploy preview link](https://4559--carbondesignsystem.netlify.app/), I noticed that this is what the `&apos;` code does:
<img width="634" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9690660f-9af3-40f4-a068-875ef87fd8e3" />

more than just one website or library.

The following diagram shows the relationships of assets and guidance across IBM,
from the foundations of Brand and the IBM Design Language, to the digital
implementation in the Carbon Design System that in turn provides the foundation

> for our products and web pages.

Reviewer: How does this sound? (almost the same):
"The following diagram shows the relationships among assets and guidance across IBM—from the foundations of Brand and the IBM Design Language, to the digital implementation in the Carbon Design System, which in turn provides the foundation for our products and web pages."
